tailwind.macro has depreciated (#22065)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/tailwind-css.md

1. Install Tailwind Babel Macro

> **Note**: `tailwind.macro` isn't currently compatible with Tailwind 1.0.0+. However, a new forked project can be found at `twin.macro` that supports Tailwindcss v1.2 classes. It's currently in pre-release so all plugins arn't supported at the time of writting. Feel free to either use `twin.macro` or revert to Tailwind 0.7.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: `tailwind.macro` isn't currently compatible with Tailwind 1.0.0+. However, a new forked project can be found at `twin.macro` that supports Tailwindcss v1.2 classes. It's currently in pre-release so note all plugins are supported at the time of writing. Alternatively, you can revert to Tailwind 0.7.4.
```

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: `tailwind.macro` isn't currently compatible with Tailwind 1.0.0+. However, a new forked project can be found at `twin.macro` that supports Tailwindcss v1.2 classes. It's currently in pre-release so not all plugins are supported at the time of writing. Alternatively, you can revert to Tailwind 0.7.4.
```

Reviewer: Yup, that's my miss!

**Option 1**: Install `twin.macro` and use Tailwind 1.2.0+

1. Install Twin and Emotion
```shell
npm install -D twin.macro @emotion/core @emotion/styled gatsby-plugin-emotion
```

2. Import the Tailwind base styles

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript:title=gatsby-browser.js
```

> // gatsby-browser.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import 'tailwindcss/dist/base.css'
```

3. Enable the Gatsby emotion plugin

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```javascript:title=gatsby-config.js
```

> // gatsby-config.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
